hdlist_core_release.cz	media/core/release	Core Release
noauto:hdlist_debug_core_release.cz	media/debug/core/release	Core Release Debug
noauto:hdlist_core_release.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/core/release	Core Release Sources
noauto:hdlist_core_updates_testing.cz	media/core/updates_testing	Core Updates Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_core_updates_testing.cz	media/debug/core/updates_testing	Core Updates Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_core_updates_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/core/updates_testing	Core Updates Testing Sources
noauto:hdlist_core_backports.cz	media/core/backports	Core Backports
noauto:hdlist_debug_core_backports.cz	media/debug/core/backports	Core Backports Debug
noauto:hdlist_core_backports.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/core/backports	Core Backports Sources
hdlist_core_updates.cz	media/core/updates	Core Updates
noauto:hdlist_debug_core_updates.cz	media/debug/core/updates	Core Updates Debug
noauto:hdlist_core_updates.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/core/updates	Core Updates Sources
noauto:hdlist_core_backports_testing.cz	media/core/backports_testing	Core Backports Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_core_backports_testing.cz	media/debug/core/backports_testing	Core Backports Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_core_backports_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/core/backports_testing	Core Backports Testing Sources
hdlist_nonfree_release.cz	media/nonfree/release	Nonfree Release
noauto:hdlist_debug_nonfree_release.cz	media/debug/nonfree/release	Nonfree Release Debug
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_release.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/nonfree/release	Nonfree Release Sources
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_updates_testing.cz	media/nonfree/updates_testing	Nonfree Updates Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_nonfree_updates_testing.cz	media/debug/nonfree/updates_testing	Nonfree Updates Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_updates_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/nonfree/updates_testing	Nonfree Updates Testing Sources
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_backports.cz	media/nonfree/backports	Nonfree Backports
noauto:hdlist_debug_nonfree_backports.cz	media/debug/nonfree/backports	Nonfree Backports Debug
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_backports.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/nonfree/backports	Nonfree Backports Sources
hdlist_nonfree_updates.cz	media/nonfree/updates	Nonfree Updates
noauto:hdlist_debug_nonfree_updates.cz	media/debug/nonfree/updates	Nonfree Updates Debug
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_updates.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/nonfree/updates	Nonfree Updates Sources
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_backports_testing.cz	media/nonfree/backports_testing	Nonfree Backports Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_nonfree_backports_testing.cz	media/debug/nonfree/backports_testing	Nonfree Backports Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_nonfree_backports_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/nonfree/backports_testing	Nonfree Backports Testing Sources
noauto:hdlist_tainted_release.cz	media/tainted/release	Tainted Release
noauto:hdlist_debug_tainted_release.cz	media/debug/tainted/release	Tainted Release Debug
noauto:hdlist_tainted_release.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/tainted/release	Tainted Release Sources
noauto:hdlist_tainted_updates_testing.cz	media/tainted/updates_testing	Tainted Updates Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_tainted_updates_testing.cz	media/debug/tainted/updates_testing	Tainted Updates Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_tainted_updates_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/tainted/updates_testing	Tainted Updates Testing Sources
noauto:hdlist_tainted_backports.cz	media/tainted/backports	Tainted Backports
noauto:hdlist_debug_tainted_backports.cz	media/debug/tainted/backports	Tainted Backports Debug
noauto:hdlist_tainted_backports.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/tainted/backports	Tainted Backports Sources
noauto:hdlist_tainted_updates.cz	media/tainted/updates	Tainted Updates
noauto:hdlist_debug_tainted_updates.cz	media/debug/tainted/updates	Tainted Updates Debug
noauto:hdlist_tainted_updates.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/tainted/updates	Tainted Updates Sources
noauto:hdlist_tainted_backports_testing.cz	media/tainted/backports_testing	Tainted Backports Testing
noauto:hdlist_debug_tainted_backports_testing.cz	media/debug/tainted/backports_testing	Tainted Backports Testing Debug
noauto:hdlist_tainted_backports_testing.src.cz	media/../../SRPMS/tainted/backports_testing	Tainted Backports Testing Sources
